Order at one seat
This is a dress specially prepared for you, thank you
God's clothes are quite suitable
Is Xi Shao complimenting me?
What should I do?
Assistant Song
Xiao Zhu is a woman with ulterior motives
I see Xi Shao
Must have been blinded by him
Those who can stay by Xi Shao's side
They are all useful people to Xi Shao
If you instead of framing others here
It's better to worry about yourself
Hello Miss Xia
Xia Zhu's heart is not dead
Entangled with Xie Shao again
Xie Shao is now taking him to the Century Restaurant for dinner
Bitch actually finds unscrupulous means
With you say
If such an important collaboration
If it was ruined by Xia Zhu
What will Xie Shao do?
Mr. Xi, I am the secretary to Governor Xuanyuan
He asked me to come over today
Just to tell you
His wife passed away so many years ago
I didn't expect you to keep his paintings
He was very pleased
I also hope to cooperate with you happily.
Thank you Governor Xuanyuan for your face
Happy cooperation
come
Give this to the girl to eat, understand?
Thanks wait